Is that okay? Of course.
But Lu Yao
I'm curious.
Who the hell are you?
Understand and have business acumen
Well, it's not just that.
I have better ways to make money than
Do you want to follow me and drag you again?
Really?
Open a futures account for me
I started investing in stocks
Stock trading
It's deep in here
Aren't you afraid?
Dad, that's for others
As for me?
Oh brother
Help me open another brokerage company
I want to use my capital to enter the entertainment industry
I have a hunch
The next ten to twenty years
The entertainment industry in our country
Will be one of the most profitable industries
Hello, help me open a futures account.
The head of household is
lead
Ouyang, I contacted the president of Leping Bank
Let me pass you a software.
OK
No.
Can you do it?